PBT is due to the
front profit, so the four parts, income and
expenditure of the
profit, before it is very easy to understand.  So what was the situation like in the first season of this year
?  The income system is better than the monthly period. Dare to do this
will make the overall number a lot,
so the cost of this is expected to rise according to the management's previous guidance
.  Expect d dialed for there?  As we all know
, in fact, many of the poor operating environment, including Hong Kong,
Mainland, etc., so so the land this is increased Some so
we are talking about high expectations  To it
, because the income's rise is relatively more, so when the cost
is controlled to be close to expectations, and only a little more than this
, in the end this is not higher than expected this time, so
I think this time  In a few third quarters this continuous exchange of earnings
, or results this is better than the market expected so yeah, should be given to